Let me see
it's too tight
too tight?
pull it up a bit
Aww....
it's hurt ? I'm sorry
you look good now
sure?
Yep
Dinner is ready!
Can I have it first ?
Nope
Hmm....
It’s almost 8 pm. Where’s she ?
She's not here yet?
Yeah
Hi…you are here already?
please come in
alright see you then
Guys !
She's here now
Stay at your position !
Thank you
With pleasure
I'll serve you with water first
wait !
Oh no problem
I'll do it for you
You need help?
I'm ok
I'm sorry but...
Do we have to pray before we start the diner?
Look at this
Soooooo yellow
Ok let's pray 1 2 3...
Just kidding LOL
I'm sorry but I've to move this
I can't see your face
I’d like to play special song for the special couple
in this special occasion
Hope my song will bright up the day
and all the best for you two
Soooooo natural..
natural.............
Wine for you
Thank you
Excuse me!
You need help ?
I'm ok
no problem !
Perfect right ?
Hmm...great job
woman first
Cheers!!
Minie told me that you want to join this dating event ?
May I ask why?
When I first saw your post about dating
I want to get to know you as well
I’ve been a member of this group for a while
and I think I’m ready to open up to someone
It’s very funny when I first saw your post
Is it photoshopped ?
Hang on !
I'll show you now
This one
LOL
Oh well...I don’t think you like it
Well…I like weird thing and may be crazier than you can imagine
Anyway, It looks good
Excuse me...
Does my lipstick strain the teeth?
Oh a bit !
a bit ?
It's fine now
Oh ok
Cheers !
James…Can you smell that?
Rice is burn !!!
What !!
But you said it's all done ???
Yes true !
Main dishes are done except for this....
Let me see
Ohh...all of that?
What are we gonna do then?
Cheers !
Win...Do you like this style?
Serve them with spaghetti first
spaghetti?
Hmm..right
and I’ll order online food for the rest of it
Why don’t you just order everything online?
James !!!
Hmmmmm
What !!
Damn...
Guy!!
Win is in trouble
What !!!!!
What happened?
I don’t know . I just show this picture
Oh my god!!!!!!
What happened
Well…After looking at this picture, Win drinks it all.
I think he’s a bit excited
Win !!
Minie!!!
You’re responsible for this
It’s not our fault !!
(crying)
so take him home !!
Win..
You always make trouble Win..
Your hand now !
It's Minie....
Oh well...it's me who have to do all of this
Do you have to take care of your friend that much?
Don’t tell me…you are jealous?
Jealous ??
Nopeee, I just want to know
Anyway I’ll have to look after my boss’s son next week
Your boss's son?
What do you do?
My boss and his wife have to
attend the meeting in another province for a day
so they ask me to look after their son
Why it’s to be you?
They trust me I guess
However, I got 5 free health check-up packages for helping them
I think it’s worth it
But it’s holiday!
Why do you have to work?
Now we’re living together
Don't you want to spend more time with me?
You want us to live here
because you want to stay close to James right?
Well of course!
I want to stay close to my boyfriend
You don’t get it
You’re not in relationship !
Well…just go James
I’ll take care of your boyfriend. Don’t worry !
Nope Win
You only need to take care of yourself
You're always quiet. Only stay alone in your place.
I don’t know if you’re going to suicide……
Well…just stop
You both
Win...He’s my boyfriend
I’ll take care of him
and I’ll take Teenoi with me
So you stay here with Minie
No way
I’d rather stay alone than be with Minie
How scary…
Hmm…I’m selective enough
Look at you now….you’re not my type
or….you wany Montra to look after you?
Nope
I'm alright
I don’t think she’s my type
or you like older woman than Montra?
I think Minie can help
Enough!
Stop encouraging…
What?
Why don’t you just open up to someone?
someone to brighten up your life?
Anyway, how’s Beam?
I think she’s cute
True!!
Her name starts with "B" and
short hair like Beauty, you think?
Damn…How dare you?
No one’s gonna blame you if you’re sitting quietly
Come on !
If you’re ok with her, just keep going!
Nothing to lose
I’ve to go to work now
I don’t want to be late. Tae’s gonna yell at me
Wait….I’ll go with you
Are you leaving now?
Yes Baby!
I’ve seminar about the new department
I have to go now
One minute !!!
I’m leaving now. See you then
Can I stay ?
Gosh!!!!!!!
Minie
eat what you left
What?
Your boyfriend just drop it
I know what you’re thinking about
What do you mean ?
I don’t have any plans
I’m just saying
Why do you have to worry that much?
What are you talking about?
You keep talking the same shit…I don’t get it
Oh really ??
You want Win and James to be here
But you didn’t care much about Win !!
You only want to stay close to James
Right !!
So tell me who did it of this ?
I’ve heard what you’ve discussed with the fortune teller lately.
You secretly use Win’s birthday
to see if you and Win could be a right couple
Right !!!
No way....
Is she ok?
The mother god is here with us
Fortune teller !
Can you tell me if we could be a perfect couple
based on our fate?
Darling
Give me the birthday of you both
I was born on December 22, 1993
how about him?
He’s born on May 14, 1991
You both are fire
If you stay together, you both could be in trouble
Fire and trouble
Oh my godddddddd
Anyway what to do then?
You mean to change your fate
or to get naked...
to get naked !
Hmm......careful girl !
I'm kidding
I mean change the fate
You have to stop fire with water
Fire will be calm with water
Water will be calm with fire
Sorry ?
Anyway I don’t recommend this relationship
You both can’t get along
so stop it now !
Well...when is my time to be in relationship?
I’m so bored to be single
The one you’re dating right now
will be right for you soon.
You only have to wait for the right time
What’s time?
What? I mean the right time
so who then?
I've been dating with more than 30 guys
You have to stop now
Help me please
I want to have someone
please....
Wait….why are you so hurry?
I still have some questions
I can pay you more !!
Do you accept "Thai Chana" payment?
What? Thai Chana ?
Nope...
Help me please...
I just want to have someone !
Just wait and see
You'll know when it’s time
I gotta go
Fortune teller !!!
Well…it’s just that
Hmm...I’m alone and Win also has no one
I think there’s nothing to worry
But it’s your best friend’s ex?...Minie
I’ve already talked to Beauty
She’s fine
and she’s now dating with her new farang boy
(sigh)
I don’t get what you’re doing.You both
You don’t have to worry about me
If I really want to be Win’s girlfriend,
I won’t set up dating event for him
and one thing...I believe in fate
but If you want me to keep it secret
you’ve to help me separate Win from James
I want to spend more time with James
Why me?
If you want to keep it secret
you have to help me
Got it ?
I’m not afraid of what you said
it's because you're like my brother
so you're willing to help?
Deal !
Sure?
Yep
Really?
Sure
True?
Yes
Sure?
Sure!
Ok!
So…I’ll get better soon right?
Yes, it’ll be fine but things take time
You’ve to take a good care of yourself as well
NK Complex Plus...
How does it help?
I didn’t catch what you’ve said recently
Well, I’ll let my assistant “Klao” help you on this
Shall I start?
Yes, please
NK Complex Plus helps to create immune system
It’ll stimulate the activity of immune cells at the cellular level
Also, it helps rejuvenate
and nourish the skin to be bright and clear
You only need to take 1 tablet
a day continuously on a regular basis
There are no side effects or harm
However, If you’d like to know more in depth
just can scan the QR Code at the front counter
Isn’t that deep enough?
Nope. Do you want to know more?
Nk Complex plus is….
Oh well…that’s ok now
I’ll scan the QR code for more information
Thank you
Alright I've already prescribed medicine for you
so take a good care of yourself
Thank you
Wow…what a great presentation
Sure !
I’m not only good looking but also smart LOL
(sigh)
You have to take a long rest after work
I’m concerned
Can't it be something else?
Whatever...
How it’s going Win?
You’ve been working here almost 3 weeks
It goes well ?
Well…great. I enjoy
I’m happy to see you like this. Look a lot better
Oh…how about Beam?
The girl you’re dating with
You guys keep contacting ?
None of your business
What?
it's me your friend
Well….I still talk to her
Texting, calling and VDO calling sometime
Hmm..
I think she’s nice
so you forget Beauty now?
Minie !!
I think you should stay silent then he’ll forget everything
What a question !!!
Hey !!
Why do you have to interrupt me ?
I didn’t forget her
but I understand life situation little by little
Good for you !
We’re so happy to see you’re getting better
Oh...Should I get back to my brownie business ?
Tae also wants my brownie at his cafe
Great !
I agree
Sound good! I really miss your brownie
Yeah..
What's the name again? Bubie?
Bubie Bakery
Well…I’ll think about that again
Now I’m enjoy being barista
Hmm....
Let’s find something to do this Sunday ?
My boss askes me to take care of his children for one day
so I get paid and free health check-up package in return
I told you guys already ! Do you remember?
so are you free ?
Oh...sound good
I'm in
I’m not free this Sunday
Win as well
I'll ask Win to go to tree market
I’d like to have some trees to decorate the room
Did I say yes ?
She means…she wants you to go to the tree market with her
Right ? Minie ?
yes yes yes !!!
I'd like to ask for your help. Please come with me
Please help me bring the tree home
You'll leave small girl to do this alone?
You're big girl now
Hmm....please !!!
Well...ok
James ! between children and tree…I prefer tree
Oh that’s fine
I really love children !!!
Can I go with you ? I can help
Well...I love children too
So…there’ll be only 2 of us then
Great !
Do you love children ? Really ? I never know
Win
Do you believe in fate?
Yes I do
Fate?
Sound crazy !!!
Nothing interesting about that
Right? Fate ? No...
You guys seem weird..
I think so
Are you trying to hide something?
No !!!!
Wow...seem so real
Yes true !!
See? What is it?
Are you alright?
It's nothing
Don't lie to me, you'll be in trouble !
James…Don’t suspect us !
Anyway this Sunday , we’ll do as plan
Alright then
Ok!  Let’s eat
Ohh…what’s that ?
This is W Complex
a dietary supplement that help to control weight,
block carbohydrate
and reduce the accumulation of fat
help us to be in a good shape
You just take 1 tablet a day between meals
It's safe and has no side effect
Most importantly it’s been guaranteed by the hospital as well
Wow !! very interesting
But you’re in very good shape now
James ! How do you know?
Just look at her
It's just because of how I dress up !
my sexy look you know ??
Don't be silly !
It's interesting. I'll take one for Beam
Great ! so you'll have more topics to share with her
Yeah
Alright so buy now now
give me money
money !
What a great sell approach !
one week later
Wow!!
Whose house is this James ?
It's my boss's house
So huge
Do you hear piano playing?
Yep
nice song right?
yeah
I forgot to tell you about my boss’s children
What is it?
Hmm....
They’re a bit naughty
Not a big deal James
I love children. It's fine
Are you sure?
Yep
Let's go !
Hey Time!
Hi !
How are you?
Good !
How about you?
I'm so good
I'm here not alone
I'm with this guy
His name is Teenoi
Are you guys cousin?
Hmm...not really
He's my close friend
Wow...that's really interesting
so first
I'm so hungry. Please go and have some snacks together
Ok sure!
Pleas lead me now
Ok
Yay
This one...
Ok. Let's eat
You like this one Teenoi
Oh..that's big
I've seen you play piano
so gooddddd
Yep
Can you play it again?
Yes sure!
Teach Teenoi how to play
Teach me please
Yes, definitely
Any recommend songs?
It's pretty easy
Really?
Yeah
They're also probably more like
so go for this one
Teach me then
This?
Yes
and then you go to the next song over there
and then that one
Who's gonna win !
One more time right?
Ohh...
Who's gonna win !
Yes !
I win
You win again
One more
James and Time, I’ll go to have some water
give it to me Teenoi
Now it's our turn
Omg...
I've stomachache
Damn...too bad
Omg my stomach
How bad
Oh my god
Damn..I can't go to the tree market for sure
Oh I want new tree
but my stomach....
I've stomachache
Oh nooo
Hi Teenoi !
Hey…I can’t do this anymore
What’s wrong ??
Well…his boss’s children !
He won’t stop playing
I’m super tired
What do you want to from the kids?
Naughty kids are smart
I'm so tired
I can’t do this anymore
If you call me only because of this
I’ll hang up now
So annoying !!!
Wait Minie ?
I separate Win from James
so the rest is your job !!
Silly
What?
Are you getting better?
So quick
stomachache ?
it’s too bad now my stomach
Oh no....
Am I gonna die ?
Oh no..
You need to poop
No !!!!! not in that way
I've stomachache
well...let's find some pain killer.
You'll be fine
Come on!
Let's go to tree market
No I can't
Look !
you've already dressed up. you're so ready
No I can't
Nah
Only one day come on !
Damn...she's useless
What should I do then?
Come on !!!
Help me !!!
Where's Teenoi?
Oh well
Where is he?
He's in the couch
Let's watch
Where's he?
This is so interesting
Can you find him?
I'm trying to but I just can't see him
I'm gonna go play game
Come on
Let's go play
Fine
I'll follow you